Woo! Yeah, God, we are pumped today.
>> It was a good day.
>> Welcome back to the shed, everyone. I'm
Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. We were
not hopeful because we only had nine
garage sales to go to. It's a Friday, by
the way.
>> We were out for about four hours and we
hit nine garage sales and we scored. We
scored big time, I think. I'm pretty
sure we scored. Oh, what? You guys be
the judge.
>> Yeah,
>> we had a blast real quick. And we got
home before lunchtime. And this is the
most probably the most boring part here,
but for me it's exciting cuz I like
selling this stuff.
>> This is Well, there's a few in here that
aren't, but this is um a bunch of
sci-fi, some uh hard cover, and then we
have a ton of paperback, probably about
a hundred uh vintage sci-fi paperbacks
here.
>> Yep.
>> They're not in fantastic condition.
They're good enough to sell, though.
>> I like how some of them have a unicorn
stamp. I guess that's from the
bookstore.
Yeah, pro probably. So, probably from a
used bookstore or something. Yeah.
>> So, we we bought they had them priced at
a dollar. Um we paid $40 for all of
this.
>> Yep.
>> So, we got a pretty good deal and I
think we're going to do really well on
this stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh I've always done well with sci-fi
lots in the past.
>> Mhm.
>> So, I
>> There's a lot of the same Arthur, too.
Like these right here,
>> right? And I saw a lot there's these
paperbacks are the same way. Yeah. So,
40 bucks for all this stuff. This is my
favorite part of today. I think
>> this is fun.
>> Oh, yes.
>> Uh, beer tap collection. Mostly
Louisiana, New Orleans, greater area
local breweries. Um, some really cool
ones. Some really go good ones. Like
this one right here is Nola Buan
Company. Nola Brewing Company. Mucuses
is a all female Migra Parade. Um, this
is a really good one. A beeta beer. The
boot. That's a good uh tap. Probably a
good beer, too. This one is really cool.
Rebirth Brass Band is a famous brass
band in New Orleans. And that's like
tuba or euphonium or something going on
there. That's another Nola Brewing
Company. My favorite is right here. Nola
Brewing Company. Darkest Before Dawn
with this swamp scene. That is so cool.
It's in great condition, too.
>> That one is. We do have some that have
some damage to them.
>> Yeah.
>> Some of them have a good bit. Some of
them just have a little bit like like
they're re a lot of them are resin
>> and they have a piece chip pieces
chipped off or something
>> or like this one I think had a steamboat
on it probably. Yeah. So we're into all
of these for $150 and I think we're
going to do pretty well of just we've
already we've comped three of them and
they're going to pay pretty much pay for
the lot now. Well, we're realistic.
There's probably a lot of like 15 to $20
pieces here, but
>> but like Okay, so we have this this We
haven't looked I've looked I've
personally looked four up so far.
>> I I looked this one Well, Candace and I
looked this one up, this one up, and
this one up. And those all three are
worth at least $80 a piece,
>> right?
>> So, just those are going to put us in
the black as far as our buy cost,
>> right? and the rest of them will be pure
profit at that point.
>> Uh but there's almost surely some more
gems in here. Like I I feel like this
one's going to do well, too. We haven't
even looked it up.
>> I bet it is. Uh yeah, there like this
one's cool. I was just looking at Boston
Logger, but it looks kind of like a
torch.
>> Mhm. Oh yeah. Oh,
>> I wonder if that's for the marathon.
>> I don't know. It's really cool though,
huh?
>> Do they have a torch for the Boston
Marathon? I don't know what they
>> Maybe the Olympics. Yeah, this one is
cool. It has a fish tail on it.
>> Yeah, look at that.
>> So, yeah, there's some really cool ones
here. So, I'll be interested to see uh
what they all add up to, what the
listings come up to.
>> Yeah, I'm probably going to start
listing these uh over the weekend. I
don't think I'm going to be able to
look. This is cool. This is a really
cool Look, it looks like um what's that?
Like a bed post or something.
>> I think I have a feeling this one might
have been handmade for somebody, maybe
for their camp or something. Coco is in
South Louisiana on the coast where a lot
of people have camps and stuff. So
>> Oh, so it doesn't matter. Like you know
what? It probably will sell well no
matter what.
>> This could be one of a kind, you know.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Wow.
>> Oh, that was cool. Yeah.
>> So, there's a street in New Orleans
called Chapatulus. It's TC and then
this. And a lot of people have trouble
saying it cuz it's it's a heck Well, you
can see it's a heck of a word. So, Nola
Brewing Company has a Hatulus. Yeah.
>> IPA.
>> That's clever.
>> Yeah. And then uh Yeah. Look at Oh,
Bayou brunette from Cinjun Brewing.
>> Yep. Yep.
>> Certified Cajun at the bottom.
>> That's a tourist trappy kind of beer,
huh? It sounds like
>> This one's a cool looking one. The wood
uh engraving on there. It's a Beeta
Brewing Company big easy.
>> It's got a nice uh Florida Lee on top.
>> That's a very art deco looking piece
there as well.
>> These are just these are fantastic, man.
I love this collection so much. This is
fun.
>> We did pick up a few other things at
this sale. So, I think we'll show y'all
those next.
>> This is the um this is the same uh sale
where we bought those paperbacks, by the
way.
>> Yeah. And then we have some other stuff.
>> We spent a pretty good money pretty good
bit of money there.
>> Yep.
>> All right. More stuff from that same
sale. Everything we've showed y'all so
far is from that sale.
>> I am in love with this sign. Sailor
Jerry.
>> Oh, you like tigers anyways.
>> I know. Savage Apple.
>> You want to keep it?
>> I think it's really cool.
>> You want to keep it? Uh, we'll see
because this sign in good condition
sells for 120 and it's not horrible.
>> Yeah, but Candace, it looks like
>> I know
>> looks like you're the same kind of tiger
that's on your arm.
>> I know it does.
>> I mean, I'm usually against keeping
stuff, but if you want to keep this one,
I think you should.
>> That's really cool. Maybe we'll hang it
in the office, huh?
>> And then you Yeah. And then you could
touch up the um you could touch the red
up yourself if you want.
>> Yeah, we'll see. I may cuz I I really do
love it. Like that's the first one I
went to. Okay.
>> This is a pretty good one, too. Bell's
Inspired Brewing with the little uh
nature scene.
>> Did you look it up?
>> I did. Yeah. It's I think it's probably
about a 60 $70 piece.
>> Oh,
>> yeah.
>> What What' you $10 a whack on these?
>> 10 105.
>> Okay. Did you look that up?
>> I did. It's good, too. And it's it's
made of wood. And
these I've seen this hanging in
restaurants and bars before. I've seen
it. Uh Southern Craft Brewing Company.
So, yeah, it's a good one, too. They had
probably about 10 signs and I comped
every single one and because because of
the prices on them and these are the
three I thought were worth picking up to
resale.
>> Yeah. So, we spent
a total of Let me add it up. Oh, you
also got one other thing.
>> Yeah. I got something for myself. We
didn't show them this in
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. I got them to throw that
in.
>> So, uh just people melt down these beer
bottles and usually make spoon rest or
this one's a wall art with and they put
a uh
>> That's what you are. You're a
>> Washington blonde. That's what I am.
>> Yeah, you're a Washington blonde. And
there's also We also have one of those
tap handles. I don't know if we showed
it or not. Uh Cajun brunette.
>> Cinjun brunette.
>> Yeah, she used to be a Cajun brunette
and now she turned herself into a
Washington blonde.
>> Yeah, I guess so. I don't know what that
means, but
>> I don't know either.
>> Yeah, I did pick up a couple of things
there for myself. Um so
>> what did we We ended up spending like
$240 there.
>> Oh, yeah. 230.
>> 230. Yeah,
>> cuz we did 150 on the tap handles. We
did 40 on the book. So that's 190 and
then
>> 35 on the signs.
>> That's 225. So $15 for the other stuff
then. I guess
>> it seems like maybe we had something
else. I don't remember.
>> I don't know. Yeah, but that's about
that's approximately what it was there.
>> Let's show y'all some more stuff. Okay,
Candace spotted this piece, y'all. This
is nuts.
>> Yeah. So, this was at a like a family
estate sale or inside sale, and this was
sitting on the kitchen counter with a $5
price tag on it. And I said, "Oh, look.
There's some watches in it." So, I
opened it up, and
>> sure enough, it's full of watches. I'll
just take them all out.
>> These are not like I mean, they're This
is a Wam.
Um, this is an Armatron. They're not
like expensive watches or anything. Now,
this is a Citizen
>> Pulsar Fossil.
>> Yeah. I mean, but they're also not like
they're not nothing.
What is this one? You couldn't read it,
huh? Let's see. What is this? That's a
Fasar.
>> This is a Aqua something. Indiglo.
>> Aqua Indiglo.
>> Oh, wait. There's more. They just keep
coming. That's a cool looking vintage
watch there.
>> Oh, that's a Seikko. That's a Man,
that's a really nice looking Seikko
there.
>> Lady Elgen.
>> W Oh, man.
>> Yeah,
>> this is nuts.
>> Okay, but wait, there's more. What is
this? Okay. So, we got to make sure we
got to make sure these none of these are
gold.
>> Well, look at this I just found. That
might be gold and stones.
>> This is China
little pendant.
>> Yeah. So,
yeah, we're going to have to we're going
to have to really look into this stuff a
lot
>> cuz look at this, y'all.
>> Look. Check this out.
I'll hold it. Look at that. We haven't
gone through any of it. Like once we saw
>> Come on, draw this. There's a big bar of
gold holding it up in your right.
>> Oh. Uh oh. Uh oh.
>> A Min's receipt
>> for what?
>> For
a women's sweater.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So, we haven't even gone through
this stuff
>> and and we're not going to do it now.
We're going to do it later.
>> Let's see. It's It looks mostly like
earrings.
>> It's probably costume, but you never
know.
>> We bought a jewelry box like this and
found some gold in it. So, yeah. And
it's not even that.
Wait, hang on. I'm trying to Sorry.
>> It's all tangled together. Yeah.
>> Uh it's like a little I don't see
anything offh hand.
>> That might be gold.
>> Yeah. So, we're going to
>> You know what? It kind of looks like it
actually. I know. I'm
>> But it might not be. It probably isn't.
Like, we're I'm We're not going to tell
y'all that. Oh, we have gold in here.
>> We have no idea.
>> But we There is a chance.
>> There's a chance. More than likely not.
But um yeah, I'm going to go through it
all and see what I find. And we have
some good watches, too. But for $5, we
had to get this box.
>> Candace, take a closer look at that.
Look at this Seikko. That's gorgeous.
>> I mean, God, look at that. The I know
the crystal on it. It's like the face.
>> It's like diamond cut. The uh the
crystal.
>> That is a nice looking watch.
>> That is beautiful,
>> isn't it? That's what I'm saying. Like,
>> look at this. I don't know if the camera
is picking it up, but
>> look at that. I think it's awesome.
>> Yeah, it's beautiful.
So, yeah, that whole thing. And Candace
said, "You know, is how much does this
cost?
Is $5 for the whole thing or is it just
for the box?" And they said, "Oh, it's
for the whole thing."
>> Yeah. So, I'm like, "Okay, here. Take my
money."
>> Wow.
>> Take my money.
>> I'd rather do this than buy like a
scratchoff ticket or something.
>> I know, right?
>> Yeah.
>> I'm going to have fun going through this
next.
>> Yeah. It's going to be fun if nothing
else.
>> Oh, man.
>> What? What' you find?
>> These are some earrings here. They're
tangled up, but look, that's a earring.
That might be That might It looks It's
all beat up. Some of the stuff is in
pretty bad condition.
>> It is.
>> Oh, look. There's a uh Is that a
crawfish or a lobster?
>> See that? Look. Is that a lobster? A
crawfish earrings.
>> Yeah.
>> Is there another The other one? Oh,
look. The other one's in here, Candace.
Look.
>> Yep. Those are cool.
>> Look. I would rather I if I was
designing a crawfish or a lobster
earring, I would put this on one of the
claws so it looks like the uh so it look
like it's hanging on by it.
>> What is that?
>> Is that gold? What does that say?
>> It says Speedel.
>> Mhm.
>> Which I've heard of them before. USA. It
doesn't say anything else.
>> Okay. And it has like
it it very well could be, but it seems
like it would say it on the back of
there.
>> It it it would it should say it
somewhere. Yeah.
>> But it might maybe it says it somewhere
else. I'm going to I'm going to say
that's probably plated.
>> Yeah. I have a feeling there's none in
here. But it's going to be fun looking
through all this.
>> Yeah.
>> Mhm.
>> All right. Is this the last round here?
>> Last round here. Uh first sale we went
to. Well, actually the these are we paid
$8 for all this here.
Eight bucks.
>> Yep.
>> Is that Culver?
>> These are Culver. This first thing I
spotted first sale we went to. I walked
up and I saw that gold from the distance
and I was like
I'm like, Lonnie, look at this. 25 cents
each.
>> Could we just like melt the gold off of
those things and sell the gold?
>> I know, right? Cuz the gold is always so
thick on
>> I know.
>> Yeah.
>> We've actually had these before in the
high ball form. We may still have them
actually. I'm not sure.
>> These aren't maybe the cleanest we've
ever had. They're not horrible either.
The gold always stays on very well on
Culver. That's what I love about them.
We also picked up these stitch plush
just to bundle.
>> Oh, we actually have two of the same
one.
>> So, they were so cheap. We're like,
we'll just grab those and make a bundle
out of them.
>> These are I don't know how to pronounce
this. Gola shoes.
>> Wait. Oh. Oh. Whenever you showed these
to me, I thought I read $12. Because
when Candace is walking by, I was like
>> I was like, "Are those good?"
>> I know he asked me that. I'm like,
>> and she and I never ask her that.
>> I know.
>> Especially when she's buying shoes. I
normally don't do not care. I thought I
saw 12 and everything else is so cheap.
I was like, "Man, those are good."
>> Cuz paying $12. You should know better
that I'm not paying $12 for used tennis
shoes.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So $2 is what we paid for them.
>> Those are kind of cool looking.
>> Yeah. And then we got all these Monster
High little puzzles. Uh,
>> they aren't worth much, but we got we
got all of them for a buck buck and a
quarter. We probably sell them all
together in a lot.
>> Lot them up. Yeah.
>> 20 bucks,
>> something like that.
>> Yawning, y'all.
>> Eight bucks for all that. We should be
able to make something happen with that,
huh?
>> What What do these usually do? Any idea?
>> I don't That pattern I think is called
Valencia. I may be wrong about that.
Something like that, though. I think
>> maybe like 30 for the pair or something.
>> Yeah, something like that. These aren't
going to be like the Marty Gro jester
ones or
>> No, we're not going to get like 50 a
whack for those or anything. Yeah. Brand
new bear traps for $5.
>> Let me guess. Are they your size?
>> No, they're not. They're Molly size.
>> I don't know if she'd like them or not.
>> Probably not. That doesn't look like
Molly size.
>> It doesn't. She's like into solid. She
likes solid stuff, not patterns. Heruku
mini backpack.
If y'all remember last week at the stuff
a bag sale, I found a brand new Herajuku
pencil case.
>> Oh, look at that. We can combine those.
>> Exactly. Because this is not really
worth selling. I was just going to keep
>> Did we have Harajuku uh doll or
something?
>> It was a knockoff.
>> Oh,
>> yeah. Okay.
>> So, yeah. Uh this is not worth selling
on its own, but today we picked up a
backpack for a dollar. So, I'm going to
lot them together for probably like 20
$25.
>> Okay, that's fun. Hi. Yuku Mini is Man,
I always I love finding it because uh
when Molly was little is when it was big
time at Target. It was I think at Target
from Gwen Stefani and I dressed Molly in
it and she had a little backpack and
everything. So, I love finding the
Herzuku mini stuff. This is probably my
favorite find of the day.
>> Really?
>> Yes. These
>> even with all the beer stuff.
>> Yeah. These are so cool.
>> You know why? Because you're so short
and you're like I'll show Lonnie now.
>> I know. Look at those platforms.
>> Are they your size? I I don't even know.
I didn't look because it doesn't matter
because I would break my neck or my leg
if I tried to wear those.
>> Yeah. You know what? If you did wear
these though, let me see what size they
are.
>> I could maybe look you in the eye.
>> Uh, what is What is your size?
>> Nine and a half.
>> This is a 9M. You could stuff your foot
in there.
>> Why do you want me to wear these?
>> I want to see what it's like. You'd be
my height.
>> I'd be clumping around.
>> Candace, you we'd be the same height.
>> The same height.
>> Same height. Height.
>> Okay. So, uh, some of you are probably
familiar with the brand Dolls Kill or
the company Dolls Kill. They sell a lot
of goth type stuff or just pop culture.
These are a brand Yru. These are the
Gloomy Bear series. And I think these
are going to bring about a hundred
bucks, maybe more. They're pretty rare.
So,
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. And they're pretty good condition.
They have a few little scuffs here and
there, but for the most part, they've
been taken care of.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
>> some performers going to get some good
use out of those, probably. or some
teenager.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm gonna ask Molly if she wants them.
She might.
>> I'm gonna try I'm gonna get you to wear
them once.
>> I'm gonna get Molly to try them on.
>> I'm gonna get you to wear them once.
>> All right. Well, yeah, we had a really
good time today, y'all. And uh Candace
is about to leave me now.
>> I'm going in the woods. Not really.
>> You going to wear your new boots?
>> This is my new hiking boots, y'all.
>> I'm ready for the camping trip, girls.
you laugh, but we've had like girls show
up wearing like crazy shoes before and
like
>> what are you doing? We told you to wear
tennis shoes
>> and they're miserable by the end of the
day. So, all right. Well, yeah, that's
going to be it. I hope y'all enjoyed
seeing this haul and uh we're going to
see y'all in the next one. Thanks so
much for watching. Bye
>> bye y'all. Oh, don't forget to like and
subscribe. Bye bye.